hey guys it's day two the greatest
ralien right boys are packed up and
they're ready to take off we're gonna
hit the can Amala which is about 600
actually 611 kilometers
yes I see ya Don the right well the
fellas tryin to do doing their checks
portal backups
that a few stories in camp but a few
people are pretty cold overnight - I was
toasty
so she has it all go man just testing at
the radios this is all happening
Christian laughing gorgeous morning
today sit forward to it
day two greatest rally ride bring it on
over today's half as good as what it was
yesterday it'll be a great day that's it
so how's that run man that's beautiful
just cruising laid-back to the Sun on
the back a little bit of shadow yep
oh I've just made it to goondiwindi and
just doing a quick fuel up quick by Toit
and then off we go again where this
bloody really good actually and a bit of
a sweet run all right overran s
the mustard ice cream
we got this mock me what I'm talking
yeah but if you got it they did the
other let's start Moxley to put a video
on there's a food fellas
oh thanks
hey guys so we've made it to st. George
but a meal at the era self which is I'd
actually had a buffet for 18 bucks it
was pretty good just came for a quick
look at the Blaine River
nice I think you'd see a river out here
this big crazy
hey guys well this is pretty much the
end of day two we've ended up at balloon
another 190 KS to get to somewhere there
was a can Amala we're supposed to get
there tonight but things happen and we
haven't made it that far so guys are all
set up their camp and it's a pretty good
ride coming up through here plenty of
bloody kangaroos amazing carnage
this last stretch we see a whole heap of
feral goats and the roads are slowly
getting worse they get narrow and then
they get wide and bit rougher and it's
actually like going along wavy water so
as you set your speed to the certain
right it's a certain pace anyway I'll
catch you later
josh is going yeah